OSSM-8986: Cluster-wide migration using istio injection label with ce… (#89488)
openshift/openshift-docs: migrating/cluster-wide/ossm-migrating-cluster-wide-assembly.adoc

// The following tasks are for migration using the Istio revision label
include::modules/ossm-migrating-a-cluster-wide-deployment-using-the-istio-revision-label.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/ossm-migrating-workloads-using-the-istio-revision-label.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

.Next steps

If you are using gateways, you must migrate them before you complete the migration process.

> * xref:../../migrating/migrating-gateways/ossm-migrating-gateways-assembly.adoc[Migrating gateways from Service Mesh 2 to Service Mesh 3]

Author: @GroceryBoyJr interestingly, I don't see anything after the # and my tinkering thus failed has proven faulty. Do you happen to have a suggestion that might help?

> * xref:../../migrating/migrating-gateways/ossm-migrating-gateways-assembly.adoc[Migrating gateways from Service Mesh 2 to Service Mesh 3]

Author: We chatted, and this doesn't break so we think it's ok.

> * xref:../../migrating/migrating-gateways/ossm-migrating-gateways-assembly.adoc[Migrating gateways from Service Mesh 2 to Service Mesh 3]

Reviewer: I got it confirmed that the anchor is needed for this and the other xrefs.

If you are not using gateways, and have verified your cluster-wide migration, you can proceed to complete the migration and remove OpenShift Service Mesh 2 resources.

* xref:../../migrating/done/ossm-migrating-complete-assembly.adoc[Completing the Migration]

// The following tasks are for migration using the Istio injection label
include::modules/ossm-migrating-a-cluster-wide-deployment-using-the-istio-injection-label.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/ossm-migrating-workloads-using-the-istio-injection-label.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

.Next steps

If you are using gateways, you must migrate them before you complete the migration process.

> * xref:../../migrating/migrating-gateways/ossm-migrating-gateways-assembly.adoc[Migrating gateways from Service Mesh 2 to Service Mesh 3]

Author: same

include::modules/ossm-migrating-workloads-using-the-istio-revision-label.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

.Next steps

If you are using gateways, you must migrate them before you complete the migration process.

* xref:../../migrating/migrating-gateways/ossm-migrating-gateways-assembly.adoc[Migrating gateways from Service Mesh 2 to Service Mesh 3]

If you are not using gateways, and have verified your cluster-wide migration, you can proceed to complete the migration and remove OpenShift Service Mesh 2 resources.

* xref:../../migrating/done/ossm-migrating-complete-assembly.adoc[Completing the Migration]

// The following tasks are for migration using the Istio injection label
include::modules/ossm-migrating-a-cluster-wide-deployment-using-the-istio-injection-label.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/ossm-migrating-workloads-using-the-istio-injection-label.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

.Next steps

If you are using gateways, you must migrate them before you complete the migration process.

* xref:../../migrating/migrating-gateways/ossm-migrating-gateways-assembly.adoc[Migrating gateways from Service Mesh 2 to Service Mesh 3]

> If you are not using gateways, and have verified your cluster-wide migration, create a default revision tag and re-label namespaces.

Reviewer 2: This is one word, without a hyphen in the [next section](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/89488/files#diff-39de4acdcc4dafaa0c62b6f1214e6202d4ec52566b0dd6fca541342ff63a0f5eR7).

```suggestion
If you are not using gateways, and have verified your cluster-wide migration, create a default revision tag and relabel namespaces.
```

Author: thank you for catching this!

Author: done

Before creating a default revision tag and relabelling the namespaces, you must migrate all remaining workload namespaces, including gateways.
====

include::modules/ossm-creating-a-default-revision-tag-and-relabeling-the-namespaces.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/ossm-migrating-a-cluster-wide-deployment-using-the-istio-injection-label-with-cert-manager.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/ossm-migrating-workloads-using-the-istio-injection-label-with-cert-manager.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

> .Next steps

Reviewer 3: Next steps should be also the same as in `Migrating workloads by using the istio injection label`
And we will have to add the `Creating the default revision tag and relabeling the namespaces` chapter or just point users to that chapter.
`Migrating a cluster-wide deployment by using the istio injection label` must have 3 parts: migrating deployment + migration workloads + creating default tag.

Author: done
